README: make shorter and denser for v2.0 (#377)
miurahr/aqtinstall: README.rst

.. _`Licenses used in Qt5`: https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/licenses-used-in-qt.html

Requirements
------------

- Minimum Python version:
    3.6

- Recommended Python version:
    3.9 (frequently tested on)

- Dependencies:
    requests
    semantic_version
    patch
    py7zr
    texttable
    bs4
    dataclasses

- Operating Systems:
    Linux, macOS, MS Windows

Documentation
-------------

There is precise documentation with many examples.
You are recommended to read the *Getting started* section.

- Getting started: https://aqtinstall.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html
- Stable (v2.0.x): https://aqtinstall.readthedocs.io/en/stable
- Latest: https://aqtinstall.readthedocs.io/en/latest

- Old (v1.2.5) : https://aqtinstall.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.5/index.html

Install
-------

> Same as usual, it can be installed with ``pip``.

Reviewer: A newly added period (".").

.. _`Licenses used in Qt5`: https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/licenses-used-in-qt.html

Requirements
------------

- Minimum Python version:
    3.6
- Recommended Python version:
    3.9 (frequently tested on)

- Dependencies:
    requests
    semantic_version
    patch
    py7zr
    texttable
    bs4
    dataclasses

Documentation
-------------

There is precise documentation with many examples.

> You are recommended to read *Getting started* section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are recommended to read the *Getting started* section.
```

    Older pip does not handle it expectedly(see #230).

Example
--------

When installing Qt SDK 6.2.0 for Windows.

> Check the options that can be used with the ``list-qt`` subcommand, and query available architectures

Reviewer: No trailing punctuation. A colon that has been removed.

Reviewer 2: Yes; there should be a colon here.

.. code-block:: console

    aqt list-qt windows desktop --arch 6.2.0

Then you may get candidates: ``win64_mingw81 win64_msvc2019_64 win64_msvc2019_arm64``.

> You can also query the available modules:

Reviewer: A colon (":").

.. code-block:: console

    aqt list-qt windows desktop --modules 6.2.0

When you decide to install Qt SDK version 6.2.0 for mingw v8.1

.. code-block:: console

    aqt install-qt windows desktop 6.2.0 win64_mingw81 -m all
 
The optional `-m all` argument installs all the modules available for Qt 6.2.0; you can leave it off if you don't want those modules.

> To install Qt 6.2.0 with the modules 'qtcharts' and 'qtnetworking', you can use this command (note that the module names are lowercase):

Reviewer: A colon (":").

    Older pip does not handle it expectedly(see #230).

Example
--------

When installing Qt SDK 6.2.0 for Windows.

> Check the options that can be used with the `list-qt` subcommand, and query available architectures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the options that can be used with the ``list-qt`` subcommand, and query available architectures
```

.. code-block:: console

    aqt list-qt windows desktop --arch 6.2.0

> Then you may get candidates: `win64_mingw81 win64_msvc2019_64 win64_msvc2019_arm64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you may get candidates: ``win64_mingw81 win64_msvc2019_64 win64_msvc2019_arm64``.
```

> When you decide to install Qt SDK version 6.2.0 for mingw v8.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also query the available modules:

.. code-block:: console

    aqt list-qt windows desktop --modules 6.2.0

When you decide to install Qt SDK version 6.2.0 for mingw v8.1
```

I think it could be useful to show how to install modules. If we don't show this part, users could get the idea that `aqt` can't install modules, and leave the page instead of clicking the documentation link.

That said, we cannot document every single feature of `aqt` for fear that a potential user would assume that `aqt` doesn't have that feature.

I think that discussing the architectures in the README, as you have already done, is absolutely necessary. Discussing the modules is not absolutely necessary, but I think it would be nice if there's room.

Reviewer: No trailing punctuation. A colon that has been removed.

.. code-block:: console

>     aqt install-qt windows desktop 6.2.0 win64_mingw81

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    aqt install-qt windows desktop 6.2.0 win64_mingw81 -m all
 
The optional `-m all` argument installs all the modules available for Qt 6.2.0; you can leave it off if you don't want the modules.

To install Qt 6.2.0 with the modules 'qtcharts' and 'qtnetworking', you can use this command (note that the module names are lowercase):

.. code-block:: console

    aqt install-qt windows desktop 6.2.0 win64_mingw81 -m qtcharts qtnetworking

```

This is a continuation of the previous suggestion; please ignore it if you don't think we need to discuss modules in the README.

    Older pip does not handle it expectedly(see #230).

Example
--------

When installing Qt SDK 6.2.0 for Windows.

> Check what options you can take by `list-qt` subcommand

Reviewer: Suggestion 0:

```suggestion
Check what options can be taken by the `list-qt` subcommand
```

Reviewer: Suggestion 1:

```suggestion
Check what options are available for the `list-qt` subcommand
```

Reviewer: Or, suggestion 2:

```suggestion
Check the options that can be used with the `list-qt` subcommand
```

Author: User can use `list-qt` sub command to know arguments that can be used with the `install-qt` sub command.

Author: Commands examples are come from `getting started`.

>The next thing we need to do is find out what architectures are available for Qt 6.2.0 for Windows Desktop. To do this, we can use :ref:`aqt list-qt <list qt command>` with the --arch flag:

Reviewer: OK.

> User can use `list-qt` sub command to know arguments that can be used with the `install-qt` sub command.

So, how about the [suggestion 2](https://github.com/miurahr/aqtinstall/pull/377/files#r698113379)? I think what I wrote is similar with yours.

Author: OK, Thanks.

.. code-block:: console

    aqt list-qt windows desktop --arch 6.2.0

> Then you may get candidates; `win64_mingw81 win64_msvc2019_64 win64_msvc2019_arm64t`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you may get candidates: `win64_mingw81 win64_msvc2019_64 win64_msvc2019_arm64`.
```

> When you decided to install Qt SDK version 6.2.0 for mingw v8.1 gcc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you decide to install Qt SDK version 6.2.0 for mingw v8.1 gcc
```

When installing Qt SDK 6.2.0 for Windows.

Check the options that can be used with the ``list-qt`` subcommand, and query available architectures

.. code-block:: console

    aqt list-qt windows desktop --arch 6.2.0

Then you may get candidates: ``win64_mingw81 win64_msvc2019_64 win64_msvc2019_arm64``.
You can also query the available modules:

.. code-block:: console

    aqt list-qt windows desktop --modules 6.2.0

When you decide to install Qt SDK version 6.2.0 for mingw v8.1

.. code-block:: console

    aqt install-qt windows desktop 6.2.0 win64_mingw81 -m all
 

> The optional `-m all` argument installs all the modules available for Qt 6.2.0; you can leave it off if you don't want the modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `-m all` argument installs all the modules available for Qt 6.2.0; you can leave it off if you don't want those modules.
```

@ddalcino , I think using "those" instead of "the" makes more sense. We are talking about the modules from Qt, and we didn't mention one or more specific ones, so they are "far from us".

What do you think of it?

Reviewer 2: I think it works either way, but I like your reasoning, and I agree with the change.

Reviewer: OK, thanks for your reply.

@miurahr , please review [this suggestion](https://github.com/miurahr/aqtinstall/pull/377#discussion_r698934855).

Author: I agree with the change.

.. _`Using Azure CI for cross-platform Linux and Windows Qt application builds`: https://www.wincak.name/programming/using-azure-ci-for-cross-platform-linux-and-windows-qt-application-builds/
.. _`Automatic installation for Travis CI (or any other CI)`: https://forum.qt.io/topic/114520/automatic-installation-for-travis-ci-or-any-other-ci/2
.. _`Qt silent, unattended install`: https://forum.qt.io/topic/122185/qt-silent-unattended-install
.. _`Qt Maintenance tool now requires you to enter your company name`: https://www.reddit.com/r/QtFramework/comments/grgrux/qt_maintenance_tool_now_requires_you_to_enter/
.. _`Another Qt CLI installer`: https://www.slideshare.net/miurahr-nttdata/aqt-install-for-qt-tokyo-r-2-20196

History
-------

This program is originally shown in Kaidan project as a name `qli-installer`_.

> The `aqtinstall` project extend and improve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``aqtinstall`` project extend and improve it.
```
